Here we go.
It's over.
What can be done?
Chen Meixiao, didn't you tell me
Are you a wimp who only sweeps the floor when you get married?
What's going on?
I don't know.
I I
He is an activity fee that can only sweep the floor.
The next dead devil is so few that he is not dead.
Can't stop him from provoking
You tell him he's a loser
Aren't you just a gang to lie to me?
Ah!
No, I didn't. I really don't know.
I don't know.
Just a follow-me who asks the sweeping floor
I don't know how I got here.
I didn't lie.
sick
Report it yourself
Husband, I'm on the street lamp
husband
His martial arts are scary
You can send Shen Dashuai at will
Is he Shen Shuai?
Pardon me?
What's going on here?
I'm Chen Meixiao from the Chen family
I am Chen Mansion Li Xuan
He doesn't know why he started going crazy yesterday.
You see, he hurt my brother.
He also ruined our Chen family's investment promotion fair
Just now
He made a big fuss about the Shen family's funeral
He also wiped out all the Shen family
What do you say? Who has the courage to change so much?
We suspect that he is the commander of the North Army
What!
handsome